---
name: "Privacy-en"
title: "Privacy-en"
---

## Privacy Policy
<br />

#### General Information
Tristan Teufel   
Werkstr.10   
D-77815 Bühl   
E-Mail: info@teufel-it.de   

#### Fundamentals
This privacy policy is intended to inform users of this website about the nature, scope and purpose of the website Inform the collection and use of personal data by the website operator.

#### Access data
The website itself does not store any access data.   
[The source code of the website is freely available on Github.](https://github.com/firsttris/teufel-it-gatsby)   
The website is hosted at Github. Github does not create access data accessible to the page server.   
[Read more about the privacy policy of Github.](https://help.github.com/articles/github-privacy-statement/)   
To optimize and analyze our offer, we use Google's "Google Analytics" service.   

#### Use of Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (following: Google). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", ie text files that are stored on your computer and the one Analysis of the use of the website by you. The information generated by the cookie about Your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the US and there saved. Due to the activation of IP anonymization on these websites, your IP address will be changed by However, Google within Member States of the European Union or in other Contracting States of the Agreement on the European Economic Area previously shortened. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address to a Google server in the United States and shortened there.

On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other services related to website activity and internet usage to the website operator. The IP address provided by Google Analytics within the framework of Google Analytics will not be merged with other data provided by Google.

[Google Analytics Privacy Policy](https://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html?hl=de)

#### Cookies
This website has not implemented any cookies. However, this website uses services such as Cloudflare or Google Analytics that use cookies. For this purpose, small text files are stored in relation to this website on their computer.

If you want to prevent the use of cookies, your browser has the possibility to prevent the acceptance and storage of new cookies. Saved cookies can be deleted at any time.

The following cookies are used:
 - __cfduid = Cloudflare, [more info](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/200170156-What-does-the-Cloudflare-cfduid-cookie-do-)
 - ga, gat = Google Analytics, [more info](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage)

#### Collection and processing of personal data
The website does not collect personal data. The information is loaded from Github and Apple. These are meta data about my Github account and reviews from Apple's AppStore.

#### Your rights to information, correction, suspension, cancellation and opposition
Contact [info@teufel-it.de](mailto:info@teufel-it.de) with your concern

#### Change of our privacy policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time to comply with current legal requirements or to implement changes to our services in the Privacy Policy, such as: For example, when introducing new services. Your new visit will be subject to the new privacy policy.